feat: file-templates as array in React render engine (#518)
asyncapi/generator: docs/authoring.md

        id:
          type: integer
```

The generator creates two files `peoplePayload.txt` and `people.txt` with the following content:
```
Schema name is 'peoplePayload' and properties are:
- people
```

and
```
Schema name is 'people' and properties are:
- id
```

### React

> The above way of rendering **file templates** works for both `nunjucks` and `react` render engine, but `react` also has another, more generic way to render multiple files. It is enough to return an array of `File` components in the rendering component. Check example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above way of rendering **file templates** works for both `nunjucks` and `react` render engines, but `react` also has another, more generic way to render multiple files. It is enough to return an array of `File` components in the rendering component. See the following example:
```

> ```tsx
> export default function({ asyncapi }) {
>   if (!asyncapi.components().hasSchemas()) {
>     return null;
>   }
> 
>   const schemas = asyncapi.components().schemas();
>   return Object.entries(schemas).map(([schemaName, schema]) => {
>     return (
>       <File name={`${schemaName}.html`}>
>         <SchemaFile schemaName={schemaName} schema={schema} />
>       </File>
>     );
>   });
> }
> 
> function SchemaFile({ schemaName, schema }) {
>   // implementation...
> }
> ```

Reviewer: I think this is too large of an example, what about: 

```suggestion
```tsx
export default function({ asyncapi }) {
  return [
    <File name={`file1.html`}>//Content</File>,
    <File name={`file2.html`}>//Content</File>
  ]
}
```
```
